books.md, before:

---
title: Books
permalink: books/
layout: page
published: true
---

>“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.”

\-- Dr. Seuss

## Currently reading

- **The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People** (Stephen R. Covey)
- **ReWork** (David Heinemeier Hansson and Jason Fried)

## 2018

- [**Destination Simple**](/books/destination-simple) (Brooke McAlary)
- **Getting Things Done** (Edwin C. Bliss)
- **The Minimalist Budget** (Simeon Lindstrom
- **Unlimited Memory** (Kevin Horsley)

## 2017

- **Key Person of Influence** (Daniel Priestley)
- **Leaders Eat Last** (Simon Sinek)
- **Turn the Ship Around!** (L. David Marquet)

## 2016

- **Leadership and Self-Deception** (The Arbinger Institute)
- **The Five Dysfunctions of a Team** (Patrick Lencioni)
- [**Remote**](/books/remote) (David Heinemeier Hansson and Jason Fried)
- **ReWork** (David Heinemeier Hansson and Jason Fried)
- [**Scaling Up**](/books/scaling-up) (Verne Harnish)
- **Who: The A Method for Hiring** (Geoff Smart)

## 2015

- **What Color Is Your Parachute?** (Richard N. Bolles)

## 2014

- **The E-Myth Revisited** (Michael Gerber)

## 2013

- **American Sniper** (Chris Kyle, written with Scott McEwen and Jim DeFelice)

## Coming up next

In no particular order..

- **A Guide to the Good Life** (William B. Irvine)
- **Deep Work** (Cal Newport)
- **Essentialism** (Greg McKeown)
- **Essential Zen Habits** (Leo Babauta)
- **Find Your Why** (Simon Sinek)
- **How to Read a Book** (Mortimer J. Adler)
- **How to Win Friends and Influence People** (Dale Carnegie)
- **I Dare You** (William H. Danforth)
- **On Writing Well** (William Zinsser)
- **Principles** (Ray Dalio)
- **Radical Candor** (Kim Scott)
- **Show Your Work!** (Austin Kleon)
- **The 4-Hour Work Week** (Tim Ferris)
- **The Lean Startup** (Eric Ries)
- **The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F\*ck** (Mark Manson)
- **The Time Paradox** (Philip Zimbardo and John Boyd)

Commit message:

added some recommendations from et, created a new kids' books page

books.md, after:

---
title: Books
permalink: books/
layout: page
published: true
---

>“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.”

\-- Dr. Seuss

## Currently reading
- **I Dare You** (William H. Danforth)
- **The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People** (Stephen R. Covey)
- [**Kids' Books**](/kidsbooks)

## 2018

- [**Destination Simple**](/books/destination-simple) (Brooke McAlary)
- **Getting Things Done** (Edwin C. Bliss)
- **The Minimalist Budget** (Simeon Lindstrom)
- **ReWork** (David Heinemeier Hansson and Jason Fried)
- **Unlimited Memory** (Kevin Horsley)

## 2017

- **Key Person of Influence** (Daniel Priestley)
- **Leaders Eat Last** (Simon Sinek)
- **Turn the Ship Around!** (L. David Marquet)

## 2016

- **Leadership and Self-Deception** (The Arbinger Institute)
- **The Five Dysfunctions of a Team** (Patrick Lencioni)
- [**Remote**](/books/remote) (David Heinemeier Hansson and Jason Fried)
- **ReWork** (David Heinemeier Hansson and Jason Fried)
- [**Scaling Up**](/books/scaling-up) (Verne Harnish)
- **Who: The A Method for Hiring** (Geoff Smart)

## 2015

- **What Color Is Your Parachute?** (Richard N. Bolles)

## 2014

- **The E-Myth Revisited** (Michael Gerber)

## 2013

- **American Sniper** (Chris Kyle, written with Scott McEwen and Jim DeFelice)

## Coming up next

In no particular order..

- **A Guide to the Good Life** (William B. Irvine)
- **Deep Work** (Cal Newport)
- **Essentialism** (Greg McKeown)
- **Essential Zen Habits** (Leo Babauta)
- **Find Your Why** (Simon Sinek)
- **How to Read a Book** (Mortimer J. Adler)
- **How to Win Friends and Influence People** (Dale Carnegie)
- **I Dare You** (William H. Danforth)
- **On Writing Well** (William Zinsser)
- **Own the Day, Own Your Life** (Aubrey Marcus)
- **Principles** (Ray Dalio)
- **Radical Candor** (Kim Scott)
- **Show Your Work!** (Austin Kleon)
- **The 4-Hour Work Week** (Tim Ferris)
- **The Barefoot Investor** (Scott Pape)
- **The Lean Startup** (Eric Ries)
- **The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F\*ck** (Mark Manson)
- **The Time Paradox** (Philip Zimbardo and John Boyd)
