quotes.md, before:

---
title: Quotes
permalink: quotes/
layout: page
sitemap:
  lastmod: 2018-08-24
  priority: 0.7
  changefreq: 'weekly'
---
The power of words never fails to inspire. Collected as I read them: some short, some long, all inspiring.

>"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent."
>
>— Eleanor Roosevelt

>"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened."
>
>— Dr. Seuss

>"We should always be asking ourselves: “Is this something that is, or is not, in my control?”"
>
>— Epictetus

>"The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively."
>
>— Bob Marley

>"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."
>
>— Albert Einstein

>"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality."
>
>— Seneca

>"Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them."
>
>— Marcus Aurelius

>"Make things as simple as possible but no simpler."
>
>— Albert Einstein

>"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom."
>
>— Aristotle

>"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."
>
>— Ralph Waldo Emerson

>"The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less."
>
>— Socrates

>"Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes."
>
>— C.G. Jung

>"Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best."
>
>— Henry Van Dyke

>"We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths."
>
>— Walt Disney

>"They did not know it was impossible, so they did it."
>
>— Mark Twain

>"Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes."
>
>— Antisthenes

>"People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care."
>
>— Theodore Roosevelt

>"Nothing will work unless you do"
>
>— Maya Angelou

>"The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives."
>
>— William James

>"Time does not pass, it continues"
>
>― Marty Rubin

>"If circumstances change, your decisions can change. Decisions are temporary."
>
>― Jason Fried

>"It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has."
>
>― Henry Ward Beecher

>"Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life."
>
>―Kahlil Gibran

>"Formal education will make you a living, self education will make you a fortune."
>
>― Jim Rohn

>"Fast is fine. Accuracy is final. You need to learn to shoot slow, real fast."
>
>― Wyatt Earp

>"Too many people spend money they haven’t earned, to buy things they don’t want, to impress people they don’t like.”
>
>― Will Rogers

*Last updated 2018-08-22.*

Commit message:

added a quote from vikor frankl

quotes.md, after:

---
title: Quotes
permalink: quotes/
layout: page
sitemap:
  lastmod: 2018-08-24
  priority: 0.7
  changefreq: 'weekly'
---
The power of words never fails to inspire. Collected as I read them: some short, some long, all inspiring.

>"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent."
>
>— Eleanor Roosevelt

>"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened."
>
>— Dr. Seuss

>"We should always be asking ourselves: “Is this something that is, or is not, in my control?”"
>
>— Epictetus

>"The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively."
>
>— Bob Marley

>"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."
>
>— Albert Einstein

>"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality."
>
>— Seneca

>"Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them."
>
>— Marcus Aurelius

>"Make things as simple as possible but no simpler."
>
>— Albert Einstein

>"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom."
>
>— Aristotle

>"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."
>
>— Ralph Waldo Emerson

>"The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less."
>
>— Socrates

>"Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes."
>
>— C.G. Jung

>"Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best."
>
>— Henry Van Dyke

>"We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths."
>
>— Walt Disney

>"They did not know it was impossible, so they did it."
>
>— Mark Twain

>"Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes."
>
>— Antisthenes

>"People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care."
>
>— Theodore Roosevelt

>"Nothing will work unless you do"
>
>— Maya Angelou

>"The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives."
>
>— William James

>"Time does not pass, it continues"
>
>― Marty Rubin

>"If circumstances change, your decisions can change. Decisions are temporary."
>
>― Jason Fried

>"It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has."
>
>― Henry Ward Beecher

>"Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life."
>
>―Kahlil Gibran

>"Formal education will make you a living, self education will make you a fortune."
>
>― Jim Rohn

>"Fast is fine. Accuracy is final. You need to learn to shoot slow, real fast."
>
>― Wyatt Earp

>"Too many people spend money they haven’t earned, to buy things they don’t want, to impress people they don’t like.”
>
>― Will Rogers

"Forces beyond your control can take away everything you possess except one thing, your freedom to choose how you will respond to the situation. You cannot control what happens to you in life, but you can always control what you will feel and do about what happens to you."
>
>— Viktor E. Frankl

*Last updated 2018-10-19.*
