---
layout: post
title:  "2018: Reflections"
date:   2018-12-29
---

## Reflections on the year that has past:

- I was involved in a single car accident in May - a combination of late nights, stress, and fatigue undoubtedly contributed to the incident, where I thought I saw _something_ on the road and swerved, crashing into a guard rail. Fortunately I wasn't hurt, but it has lead to me making quite significant changes to my workload and to also starting some new healthy habits.

- I set a goal to read 26 books, but have hit 35! Initially I started [reading as a way to reduce the stresses off the day](https://neilen.com.au/2018/05/28/on-reading/), but it has become so much more than that. I've read several books on Stoicism, and personal finance amongst other genres - which leads to my next point..

- We (my wife, Alyssa and I) made a choice to better live within our means and get in control of our finances. All it took was a [certain book](https://neilen.com.au/books/the-barefoot-investor), and it's simple serviette strategy. We've gone from spiralling out of control in deb, to being on top of our finances, and giving every dollar a job.

- My practice of Stoicism has significantly changed my outlook on life. Stress levels are significantly down (thanks to the simple usage of the Dichotomy of Control). I make time _most_ days to do evening retrospections (keeping a journal), and try to treat every day as a new life.

- I have tried many new things and failed, but I never gave up, I've kept keep going - knowing that it will make me stronger along the way.


## And, next year?

- Be _present_ with my family, not just _there_ for them.

- Domino our debts (credit card and motorbike loan).

- Continue my reading habit (45 books in 2019) and expand my knowledge.

- Share knowledge (through blog posts, and maybe even speak at a Meetup?!) and help those who ask me for help and guidance.